Add meta descriptions (#4003)
wazuh/wazuh-documentation: source/deploying-with-kubernetes/kubernetes-upgrade.rst

.. Copyright (C) 2021 Wazuh, Inc.

.. meta::

>   :description: Check out more information on how to upgrade Wazuh installed in Kubernetes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  :description: Check out how to upgrade Wazuh installed in Kubernetes, creating a new pod linked to the same volume but with the new updated version.
```
